1337x.org	# torrent
1337x.to	# torrent
kickass.to	# torrent
torrentbit.net	# torrent
bayareasaa.org	# saa
xxxchurch.com	# saa
ae01.alicdn.com # shopping
ae04.alicdn.com # shopping
g.alicdn.com # shopping
s.click.aliexpress.com # shopping
ynuf.alipay.com # shopping
cmap.alibaba.com # shopping
img.alibaba.com # shopping
ae01.alicdn.com # shopping
aliexpress-media.com # shopping
deviantart.com	# social
pixton.com	# social
facebook.com	# social
pinterest.com	# social
twitter.com	# social
linkedin.com	# social
photobucket.com	# social
get.protonvpn.com	# vpn
protonvpn.com	# vpn
proxpn.com	# vpn
privateinternetaccess.com	# vpn
fredericks.com	# lingerie
victoriassecret.com	# lingerie
intimissimi.com	# lingerie
corporate.wwe.com	# sports
wwe.com	# sports
